A person named Bilal Ahmed is the principal of Government College Skardu in 2022



About College: Government College Skardu is one of the most prominent educational institution in Gilgit-Baltistan.
The college has sufficient infrastructure and other facilities like laboratories, Computer lab, Library, internet facility, hostel facility for boarding of students belonging to far flung areas and transport facility.
The building and other facilities will be further enhanced from current academic session. The college has successfully been catering for the education needs of the people of area for more than five decades.
Many students qualified from this college have succeeded in achieving high ranks in various fields of life. Although the college is mainly meant for mass education it has done a commendable job in providing quality education.
It has earned great trust of students and general public over the years and many intending students cannot get admission because of full capacity. More than 2500 students are presently enrolled in different levels and programs in this college. 
It is the main feeding unit for the University of BaltistanSkardu (UOBS) and Karakoram International University (KIU) Gilgit. We strive to orientate our students to positive thinking. A free and conducive atmosphere is provided to the students to develop their skills and personalities. Their training coupled with curricular and co-curricular activities has made this institution the premier educational institution of Gilgit-Baltistan.


Our history: Government College Skardu was established as Intermediate College in September 1966 with only six students and three faculty members. Initially it was housed in a school building. The college was shifted to another government building in 1967 and science subjects were introduced in the same year at intermediate level. The college has the hounor to be the first college in Gilgit-Baltistan. The College is located in the city of Skardu, headquarter of Baltistan Division of Gilgit-Baltistan. The Baltistan is the home to world famous peaks ( K2, Mashbrum, Gasharbrum, Broad Peak etc) Glaciers (Siachen, Baltoro and Biafo) high altitude Deosai Plains and mountain desert of Sarfaranga. Skardu city bounded by River indusand Karakuram mountain range on north side and by Himalaya mountain range on southern side. The present building was constructed in in 1975 for intermediate classes. Degree classes in Arts subjects were introduced in the same year. BSc program with some combinations was started in 1996. BS(4 year) program in Biological Sciences (Zoology) and Computer Sciences was started in 2019. Initiation of BS program in few other subjects is also in the pipeline. Construction of a separate BS Block will be started soon.

Vision of the College: Creation of a prosperous, dynamic, civilized and harmonized society
Mission of the College:
To develop leaders and managers in all walks of life ensuring the highest standard of excellence.
To develop, promote and offer learning programs to build strategic base of human resource in line with national values and aspirations.
To innovate and adapt the rapidly changing environment, in order to raise the potential of learning for the attainment of competitive edge.

Bilal Ahmed is the principal of Government College Skardu in 2024
Bilal Ahmed is the principal of Government College Skardu in 2024

